# CS 330: Comp Graphic and Visualization


I typically approach designing software from a very methodical standpoint. I try to break down the essence of what needs to be done, how to do it, and when to do it. The design skills learned here allowed me to craft a stage setup for any standard venue, with a stage box, speakers, and a safety railing. I wanted to follow the basics of what I know about working onstage in order to best plan out my design and most realistically implement it within my means. This will help immensely in the future as sometimes there won't be a specific design or final graphic in mind, so being able to start at a simple beginning point and continue from there will allow me to refine my process in order to build off of it.
I approach developing programs from essentially the same perspective, with attention to functionality and regularly testing as I work. For this scene specifically, I wanted to keep things simple, as to not overload myself or write excessive code. 
Every time I worked through the milestones, each piece fell into place in a way that allowed me to plan my own scene setup as I was developing it. It would occasionally change as needed for any new developments in the project.
Computer science is a large part of my future goals. I want to be able to build and develop new software and programs that allow for creation, artistic or otherwise, and give others a chance to do the same without necessarily needed to know how to write software. Moving forward, I'll definitely have a better handle on problem solving for a scene I may not be able to immediately see, but will be able to plan out and methodically develop. Professionally speaking, I believe it will do the same. As technology and applications grow and change, the needs of the user will change as well, and continuously learning new ways to develop will help make me a mroe well rounded developer.
